README.md, before:


<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
<!-- 
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
-->

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller">
    <img src="assets/images/logo.jpg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">eBay Auto Seller (eAS)</h3>

  <p align="center">
    eAS is a tool that generates aggregated item pricing and descriptions by simply inputing an item's name. It uses ColBERT for Retrieval-Augmented Generation, eBay’s RESTful APIs for knowledge base acquisition, and Docker for microservice orchestration.
    <br>
    <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/tree/main/documentation"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br>
    <br>
    <a href="#demo">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#method">Method</a></li>
        <li><a href="#limitations">Limitations</a></li>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#main-program">Main Program</a></li>
        <li><a href="#ebay-datascraping">eBay DataScraping</a></li>
      </ul>
    <li><a href="#demo">Demo</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]

This project aims to streamline the listing process by providing high-quality, autogenerated item pricing and descriptions using a RAG model scheme. This not only saves time for sellers but also ensures that listings are detailed, price-appropriate, and appealing to potential buyers.

### Limitations
Access to an eBay production keyset is not yet possible. As a consequence, the dataset created for this project had to be crafted from items on eBay's Sandbox Environment (using a sandbox key for API calls). This hinders the program's ability to retrieve useful outputs in most situations. Firstly, because Sandbox Environment mostly consists of low-quality test item postings. Secondly, because of the small quantity of postings, a dataset of only around 1,500 unique items could be collected. With that aside, this project showcases that if given a production keyset to scrape high-quality data (around 20,000 diverse listings would be needed), the program would be able to carry out its goals. More details about this are noted in `DataScraper/README.md`

### Method

1. **Developing the Knowledge Base**: 
  - Data Collection: Knowledge base developed with eBay data scraper scripts. (See the `DataScraper` directory for details.)
  - Data Organization: Organized the knowledge base into a collection of documents (strings) for ColBERT’s Indexer. (See the `RAG` directory containing the `DataCollator` class for details.)
  - Data Indexing: Used ColBERT’s Indexer to process and index the collection, making it searchable. 
    - This was done on Google Colab as GPU support is needed for indexing. See the `ColBERT_eAS_Indexing.ipynb` notebook for specifics on the indexing process.
    - The index files can be saved and used later with the Searcher in a dedicated retrieval script.

2. **Executing the Retrieval Query**: 
  - Query Processing: Once the collection is indexed, ColBERT’s Searcher can take a query and compare it to the indexed documents to find the k best matches.
  - User Query Input: The user inputs a descriptive title for the item they wish to sell, which the Searcher uses to find relevant documents.

3. **Aggregating Price Data**:
  - Document Retrieval: ColBERT retrieves documents based on the text query (the item’s title), providing information about the k most similar items scraped from eBay.
  - Price Calculation: Extract the price attribute from each of the k documents, and calculate an aggregated price value to suggest to the user for their product.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


### Built With

- [![Python][python-badge]][python-url]
- [![Selenium Chrome Drivers][selenium-badge]][selenium-url]
- [![Docker][docker-badge]][docker-url]
- [![Flask][flask-badge]][flask-url]
- [![Pandas][pandas-badge]][pandas-url]
- [![JSON][json-badge]][json-url]
- [![Google Colab][colab-badge]][colab-url]
- [![Linux][linux-badge]][linux-url]


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started
Instructions for simple local setup and run are given below. If you would like to see details on how to setup virtual environments for testing, that information is available in the 'RAG' and 'DataScraper' directories.

### Prerequisites
- Download Docker Desktop [here](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).

### Installation
- Create a directory for this program, and clone this repo into it:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller.git
cd eBayAutoSeller
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

### Main Program
- Use the provided shell script for super simple start-up.
```sh
sh run.sh
```
- Or run the commands yourself to initialize containers in the background and attach to the main app container.
```sh
docker compose up --build --detach
docker attach ebayautoseller-retrieval-1
docker compose down
```

### eBay DataScraping
_For details on how the dataset for retrieval was created, or how to recreate it for yourself, please refer to the [DataScraper Directory](https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/tree/main/DataScraper). Setup is super easy!_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Demo
Loading the program takes around 1 minute. Once loaded query retrieval is almost instant! Control + C to exit the program. (This destroys all the containers.)

![Demo Video](assets/demos/demo.gif)


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Build a Knowledge base using eBay's RESTful API calls to scrape item data based on keywords.
  - [x] Use Selenium Chrome Drivers to extract item descriptions buried in html and js.
- [x] Research and test retrieval model to integrate into this program.
- [x] Create a dataset builder to format data to ColBERT for indexing and retrieval.
    - [x] Index on colab.
    - [x] Create CPU functional retrieval script.
- [x] Create Dockerfiles for each microservice.
- [x] Orchestrate containers with docker compose and shell scripts (deploy ready).
- [ ] Refactor all code into classes with abstracts where applicable
- [ ] Add Typing to all classes.
- [x] Refactor main README.
- [ ] Full Stack Paradigm.
  - [ ] Write frontend with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (and React potentially) and push to cloud server.
  - [ ] Refactor this repo into a dedicated backend with Flask API calls, Gunicorn, and a cloud provider.
  - [ ] Convert the `Dataset` directory into a dedicated Database (PostgreSQL). 
- [ ] Integrate feature to scrape custom item data from eBay, given a user's keyword query.
  - [ ] Dynamically update the database when this is used.
- [ ] Research, test, and integrate a generative model to use with this program for item description generation.


See the [open issues](https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what makes the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the GNU License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Ryan Feinberg - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rfeinberg3/) - rfeinberg3@gemail.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

- [eBay Developer Program](https://developer.ebay.com/develop/get-started)
- [Deploying Microservices with Docker](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/deploying-microservices-with-docker/)
- [2023 Nvidia, "What is Retrieval-Augmented Generation, aka RAG?"](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/what-is-retrieval-augmented-generation/)
- [ColBERT on GitHub](https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/ColBERT?tab=readme-ov-file)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/rfeinberg3
[product-screenshot]: assets/images/project_graph.png
[selenium-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Selenium&logoColor=white
[selenium-url]: https://www.selenium.dev
[docker-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white
[docker-url]: https://www.docker.com
[pandas-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-2C2D72?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white
[pandas-url]: https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/index.html
[json-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/json-5E5C5C?style=for-the-badge&logo=json&logoColor=white
[json-url]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html
[python-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue
[python-url]: https://www.python.org
[colab-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&color=525252
[colab-url]: https://colab.research.google.com
[linux-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black
[linux-url]: https://www.linux.org
[flask-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white
[flask-url]: https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/

Commit message:

Add Mock frontend and update Roadmap details.

README.md, after:


<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
<!-- 
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
-->

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller">
    <img src="assets/images/logo.jpg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">eBay Auto Seller (eAS)</h3>

  <p align="center">
    eAS is a tool that generates aggregated item pricing and descriptions by simply inputing an item's name. It uses ColBERT for Retrieval-Augmented Generation, eBay’s RESTful APIs for knowledge base acquisition, and Docker for microservice orchestration.
    <br>
    <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/tree/main/documentation"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br>
    <br>
    <a href="#demo">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#method">Method</a></li>
        <li><a href="#limitations">Limitations</a></li>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#main-program">Main Program</a></li>
        <li><a href="#ebay-datascraping">eBay DataScraping</a></li>
      </ul>
    <li><a href="#demo">Demo</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]

This project aims to streamline the listing process by providing high-quality, autogenerated item pricing and descriptions using a RAG model scheme. This not only saves time for sellers but also ensures that listings are detailed, price-appropriate, and appealing to potential buyers.

### Limitations
Access to an eBay production keyset is not yet possible. As a consequence, the dataset created for this project had to be crafted from items on eBay's Sandbox Environment (using a sandbox key for API calls). This hinders the program's ability to retrieve useful outputs in most situations. Firstly, because Sandbox Environment mostly consists of low-quality test item postings. Secondly, because of the small quantity of postings, a dataset of only around 1,500 unique items could be collected. With that aside, this project showcases that if given a production keyset to scrape high-quality data (around 20,000 diverse listings would be needed), the program would be able to carry out its goals. More details about this are noted in `DataScraper/README.md`

### Method

1. **Developing the Knowledge Base**: 
  - Data Collection: Knowledge base developed with eBay data scraper scripts. (See the `DataScraper` directory for details.)
  - Data Organization: Organized the knowledge base into a collection of documents (strings) for ColBERT’s Indexer. (See the `RAG` directory containing the `DataCollator` class for details.)
  - Data Indexing: Used ColBERT’s Indexer to process and index the collection, making it searchable. 
    - This was done on Google Colab as GPU support is needed for indexing. See the `ColBERT_eAS_Indexing.ipynb` notebook for specifics on the indexing process.
    - The index files can be saved and used later with the Searcher in a dedicated retrieval script.

2. **Executing the Retrieval Query**: 
  - Query Processing: Once the collection is indexed, ColBERT’s Searcher can take a query and compare it to the indexed documents to find the k best matches.
  - User Query Input: The user inputs a descriptive title for the item they wish to sell, which the Searcher uses to find relevant documents.

3. **Aggregating Price Data**:
  - Document Retrieval: ColBERT retrieves documents based on the text query (the item’s title), providing information about the k most similar items scraped from eBay.
  - Price Calculation: Extract the price attribute from each of the k documents, and calculate an aggregated price value to suggest to the user for their product.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


### Built With

- [![Python][python-badge]][python-url]
- [![Selenium Chrome Drivers][selenium-badge]][selenium-url]
- [![Docker][docker-badge]][docker-url]
- [![Flask][flask-badge]][flask-url]
- [![Pandas][pandas-badge]][pandas-url]
- [![JSON][json-badge]][json-url]
- [![Google Colab][colab-badge]][colab-url]
- [![Linux][linux-badge]][linux-url]


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started
Instructions for simple local setup and run are given below. If you would like to see details on how to setup virtual environments for testing, that information is available in the 'RAG' and 'DataScraper' directories.

### Prerequisites
- Download Docker Desktop [here](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).

### Installation
- Create a directory for this program, and clone this repo into it:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller.git
cd eBayAutoSeller
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

### Main Program
- Use the provided shell script for super simple start-up.
```sh
sh run.sh
```
- Or run the commands yourself to initialize containers in the background and attach to the main app container.
```sh
docker compose up --build --detach
docker attach ebayautoseller-retrieval-1
docker compose down
```

### eBay DataScraping
_For details on how the dataset for retrieval was created, or how to recreate it for yourself, please refer to the [DataScraper Directory](https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/tree/main/DataScraper). Setup is super easy!_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Demo
Loading the program takes around 1 minute. Once loaded query retrieval is almost instant! Control + C to exit the program. (This destroys all the containers.)

![Demo Video](assets/demos/demo.gif)


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Build a Knowledge base of item data.
  - [x] Use Selenium Chrome Drivers to extract item descriptions buried in html.
  - [x] Research and integrate useful ecommerce item data dataset.
- [x] Indexing and Search Scripts (Retrieval part of RAG).
  - [x] Research and test retrieval model to integrate into this program.
  - [x] Index on colab (GPU support needed).
  - [x] Create CPU functional Search script.
  - [ ] Use HuggingFace ColBERT repo create in memory model calls.
- [x] Create microservices with Docker.
  - [x] Orchestrate containers with docker compose.
- [x] Full Stack Paradigm.
  - [x] Write frontend with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
  - [x] Refactor retrieval in to API server with Flask.
  - [x] Setup networking to allow frontend to make API calls to backend (locally for now)
- [x] Setup Mock Frontend (Firebase hosting)
- [ ] Convert the `Dataset` directory into a dedicated Database (PostgreSQL)
  - [ ] Connect db to retrieval app to create in memory dataset for Search. 
  - [x] Containerize psql db
  - [x] Add real ecommerce dataset to db
- [ ] Research, test, and integrate a generative model to use with this program for item description generation.
  - [ ] T5 generative text script 
- [ ] Refactor all code into classes with abstracts where applicable
- [ ] Add Typing to all classes.


See the [open issues](https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what makes the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the GNU License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Ryan Feinberg - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rfeinberg3/) - rfeinberg3@gemail.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

- [eBay Developer Program](https://developer.ebay.com/develop/get-started)
- [Deploying Microservices with Docker](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/deploying-microservices-with-docker/)
- [2023 Nvidia, "What is Retrieval-Augmented Generation, aka RAG?"](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/what-is-retrieval-augmented-generation/)
- [ColBERT on GitHub](https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/ColBERT?tab=readme-ov-file)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBayAutoSeller/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/rfeinberg3/eBay_Auto_Seller.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo_name/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/rfeinberg3
[product-screenshot]: assets/images/project_graph.png
[selenium-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Selenium&logoColor=white
[selenium-url]: https://www.selenium.dev
[docker-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white
[docker-url]: https://www.docker.com
[pandas-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-2C2D72?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white
[pandas-url]: https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/index.html
[json-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/json-5E5C5C?style=for-the-badge&logo=json&logoColor=white
[json-url]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html
[python-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue
[python-url]: https://www.python.org
[colab-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&color=525252
[colab-url]: https://colab.research.google.com
[linux-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black
[linux-url]: https://www.linux.org
[flask-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white
[flask-url]: https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/
