RAG/README.md, before:

# Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Service


## Abstract
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) has gained significant traction recently, thanks to many open-source pretrained models like Google’s T5 and Facebook’s BART. Companies are adopting this technology to enhance response accuracy and data fluency.

RAG models stand out from other query-answer generative models, such as GPTs, by utilizing a retriever or search model to query a database—whether proprietary or containing new information—before generating answers. This approach leads to more accurate and reliable responses, as opposed to non-RAG models, which risk generating “hallucinations” when answering questions beyond their training. Essentially, RAG addresses the issue of knowledge cut-off dates.

Additionally, organizations are investing in RAG models to reduce the high costs associated with training large language models (LLMs) and the continual retraining required for maintaining proprietary knowledge accuracy. RAG mitigates these costs by connecting to a database, where simply adding new data ensures ongoing response accuracy.

## Introduction

We will use data collected with the eBay API datascraper and utilize ColBERT as a retrieval model to gather relevant documents at query time.


## Method

1. **Developing the Knowledge Base**: 
  - Data Collection: Develop a knowledge base using the eBay datascraper. (See the `Datascraper` directory for details.)
  - Data Organization: Organize the knowledge base into a collection of documents (strings) for ColBERT’s Indexer. (See the `Database` directory and the `DataCollator` class for details.)
  - Data Indexing: Use ColBERT’s Indexer to process and index the collection, making it searchable. 

2. **Executing the Retrieval Query**: 
  - Query Processing: Once the collection is indexed, ColBERT’s Searcher can take a query and compare it to the indexed documents to find the k best matches.
  - User Query Input: The user inputs a descriptive title for the item they wish to sell, which the Searcher uses to find relevant documents.

3. **Aggregating Price Data**:
  - Document Retrieval: ColBERT retrieves documents based on the text query (the item’s title), providing information about the k most similar items scraped from eBay.
  - Price Calculation: Extract the price attribute from each of the k documents and calculate an aggregated price value to suggest to the user for their product.


## References

### ColBERTv2
- [ColBERT on GitHub](https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/ColBERT?tab=readme-ov-file)
- [ColBERTv2.0 on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/colbert-ir/colbertv2.0)
- This model is fast, lightweight, and can produce state-of-the-art results.
  - Param count = 110M
  - Uses PyTorch and Safetensors
  - Model size is 438MB
  - Trained on MS MARCO Passage Ranking
- [ColBERT intro colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/stanford-futuredata/ColBERT/blob/main/docs/intro2new.ipynb#scrollTo=JRiOnzxtwI0j)


## Future work
- A CPU and GPU python script will be written for ColBERT search.
- This service will be containerized eventually as well.

### Look into Generative Model Options for Generating item Descriptions
- [GPT-2 for text generation](https://huggingface.co/openai-community/gpt2/tree/main)
- BERT for fill-in-mask generation or question-answer generation? The masked part could be the item descriptions!
  - [BERT-base-uncased on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/google-bert/bert-base-uncased/tree/main)
- Mistral for text generation
  - [Mistral-7B-v0.1 on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1?text=My+name+is+Julien+and+I+like+to)
- Phi-3 mini for text generation
  - [Phi-3 mini on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct?text=Give+a+seller+description+for+the+following+item+‘Apple+Watch’)

### Look into Optimizing ColBERT for OpenQA Tasks
- [Relevance-guided Supervision for OpenQA with ColBERT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.00814)

## Discussion

**Other Models**
- There are other open-source models for RAG architecture out there that could be used as well.
- One such example is Facebook's RAG-Token Model, a neat tokenizer-retriever-model pipeline. However, this pipeline would require lots of reconstruction to set up for our use case and doesn't have much supporting documentation (any really) to aid in this endeavor.
- Constructing a pipeline from scratch with the RAGatouille library seems to be a much more efficient process, provided the large amount of resources present in their framework.

Commit message:

Add ColBERt Indexing notebook and index folder

RAG/README.md, after:

# Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Service


## Abstract
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) has gained significant traction recently, thanks to many open-source pretrained models like Google’s T5 and Facebook’s BART. Companies are adopting this technology to enhance response accuracy and data fluency.

RAG models stand out from other query-answer generative models, such as GPTs, by utilizing a retriever or search model to query a database—whether proprietary or containing new information—before generating answers. This approach leads to more accurate and reliable responses, as opposed to non-RAG models, which risk generating “hallucinations” when answering questions beyond their training. Essentially, RAG addresses the issue of knowledge cut-off dates.

Additionally, organizations are investing in RAG models to reduce the high costs associated with training large language models (LLMs) and the continual retraining required for maintaining proprietary knowledge accuracy. RAG mitigates these costs by connecting to a database, where simply adding new data ensures ongoing response accuracy.

## Introduction

We will use data collected with the eBay API datascraper and utilize ColBERT as a retrieval model to gather relevant documents at query time.


## Method

1. **Developing the Knowledge Base**: 
  - Data Collection: Develop a knowledge base using the eBay datascraper. (See the `Datascraper` directory for details.)
  - Data Organization: Organize the knowledge base into a collection of documents (strings) for ColBERT’s Indexer. (See the `Dataset` directory and the `DataCollator` class for details.)
  - Data Indexing: Use ColBERT’s Indexer to process and index the collection, making it searchable. 
    - This was done on Google Colab as GPU support is needed for indexing. See `ColBERT_eAS_Indexing.ipynb` notebook for specifics on the indexing process.
    - The index files can be saved and used later with the Searcher in a different script.

2. **Executing the Retrieval Query**: 
  - Query Processing: Once the collection is indexed, ColBERT’s Searcher can take a query and compare it to the indexed documents to find the k best matches.
  - User Query Input: The user inputs a descriptive title for the item they wish to sell, which the Searcher uses to find relevant documents.

3. **Aggregating Price Data**:
  - Document Retrieval: ColBERT retrieves documents based on the text query (the item’s title), providing information about the k most similar items scraped from eBay.
  - Price Calculation: Extract the price attribute from each of the k documents and calculate an aggregated price value to suggest to the user for their product.


## References

### ColBERTv2
- [ColBERT on GitHub](https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/ColBERT?tab=readme-ov-file)
- [ColBERTv2.0 on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/colbert-ir/colbertv2.0)
- This model is fast, lightweight, and can produce state-of-the-art results.
  - Param count = 110M
  - Uses PyTorch and Safetensors
  - Model size is 438MB
  - Trained on MS MARCO Passage Ranking
- [ColBERT intro colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/stanford-futuredata/ColBERT/blob/main/docs/intro2new.ipynb#scrollTo=JRiOnzxtwI0j)


## Future work
- A CPU and GPU python script will be written for ColBERT search.
- This service will be containerized eventually as well.

### Look into Generative Model Options for Generating item Descriptions
- [GPT-2 for text generation](https://huggingface.co/openai-community/gpt2/tree/main)
- BERT for fill-in-mask generation or question-answer generation? The masked part could be the item descriptions!
  - [BERT-base-uncased on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/google-bert/bert-base-uncased/tree/main)
- Mistral for text generation
  - [Mistral-7B-v0.1 on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1?text=My+name+is+Julien+and+I+like+to)
- Phi-3 mini for text generation
  - [Phi-3 mini on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct?text=Give+a+seller+description+for+the+following+item+‘Apple+Watch’)

### Look into Optimizing ColBERT for OpenQA Tasks
- [Relevance-guided Supervision for OpenQA with ColBERT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.00814)

## Discussion

**Other Models**
- There are other open-source models for RAG architecture out there that could be used as well.
- One such example is Facebook's RAG-Token Model, a neat tokenizer-retriever-model pipeline. However, this pipeline would require lots of reconstruction to set up for our use case and doesn't have much supporting documentation (any really) to aid in this endeavor.
- Constructing a pipeline from scratch with the RAGatouille library seems to be a much more efficient process, provided the large amount of resources present in their framework.
